A TODO app to share your ongoing habits with family and friends!

ShareTodo is a TODO app that shares daily TODO with family, couples, and friends.
You can complete daily TODO with one tap and share it with members.


■■■ Features of ShareTodo ■■■

Share your daily habits with family and friends. By continuing daily TODO, you can make a shortcut to achieve your goals and objectives!


■ What are your daily habits?

・ Running
・ Read two or more pages of a book
・ Write a diary before going to bed
・ Do muscle training

You can create a group and share this continuous habit with everyone!

When a member completes a TODO, a notification is sent to other group members to see who completed the TODO and when.
In addition, you can check past records such as yesterday and the day before yesterday, so you can continue to make tasks a habit.
(Premium function is required to check tasks more than a week ago)

Plus, with the Premium feature, you can send a message of the day to your members after completing the TODO!



■ When do you use this app?

For example, if you are in club activities
"Because there will be a tournament next month, let's do XX every day until that day!"
If you want to go on a diet with your friends
"Let's exercise for more than XX minutes every day!"
It can be used in various situations, such as!


Conversely, you cannot manage a one-off TODO such as "buying toilet paper" or "repairing your watch."



■ Can be used by one person
By creating your own group, you can habituate your tasks every day toward the goals you want to achieve!
Of course, you can continue alone and invite your friends to the group from the group edit screen if you want to invite them!



■ Recommended for people like this

・ There is a task you want to become a habit
・ I want to share my daily habits and continue
・ I want to be notified that a member has completed a task
・ I want to make tasks habitual by myself
・ I want to keep a record of what I have done


■■■ About premium features ■■■

The following three functions will be available.
1. Hide ads
2. Check tasks before 1 week
3. Send a small message to members after completing Todo


■ Fee
-- 1 month plan: $2.49  (tax included)
-- 1 year plan :    $24.99 (tax included)


■ Precautions
・It will be automatically reflected one month after the application date.
・Automatic renewal billing will be done automatically within 24 hours when the period expires.
・Auto-renewal billing will renew automatically unless you turn off auto-renewal at least 24 hours before the expiration date.

・You can manage the automatic renewal billing yourself. You can also cancel at any time.
・You can check and cancel your subscription from [Settings app] → [iTunes Store] → [Apple ID] → [Display Apple ID] → [Register]. If you cancel, the subscription will end and the renewal will not be performed when the contract period you are using ends.

・You cannot cancel the premium function by any method other than the above.
・Premium features will be charged to your Apple ID.

・ You can use the premium function until the renewal date even after completing the cancellation procedure for automatic renewal billing.
・ After completing the cancellation procedure for automatic renewal billing, the plan will shift to the free plan after the next renewal date.

・Privacy Policy
　https://sharetodo-a91ef.firebaseapp.com/privacy.html
 
・Terms of use
　https://sharetodo-a91ef.firebaseapp.com/term.html


